__About the App:__
This repository is for a project for CS 3240. This is a web application that allows users to find and review different study spots around Grounds at UVA for the purpose of either discovering new locations or helping to decide which study location to go to based on given characteristics. Each study location is given an average rating which is based upon ratings for noise level, space, and availability of seats. The top three rated study locations are displayed on a leaderboard on the home page when a user visits the site. Without having logged in, a user may view the map containing any study locations uploaded by other users as well as any reviews posted for each location. However, the action to submit reviews is limited to only logged-in users.  

When users first log-in using their google account, they can either classify themselves as admin users or regular users. Regular users can create new study locations, or they may leave reviews on study locations other users have submitted which appear on the map. The reviews can then be used to filter the map for certain desired study spots that meet the selected criteria. When a regular user creates a new study location, it must be approved by an administrator before it is displayed on the map. If their submission is rejected, they will receive a message in their profile page explaining why it was rejected by the admin. When on the profile page, they will also be able to view each place they have created, as well as all of the reviews they have written for study places.  

In addition to having general users use the application, there are administrative users that have special privileges. Administrative users can access a staff page, where they can delete users and approve or reject place submissions. Admins can approve or reject user submitted study places directly through the map by clicking on the blue arrow markers. If an admin user rejects a submission, the user who submitted it is given a reason why it was rejected on their profile page. Admin users can also delete reviews left by any user.
